so let me just summarize what I heard
David say there
who made the claim and many people seem
to agree that testability is this thing
that demarcates science from non-science
and he's right
however
testable series have always existed
there have always been testable theories
around
a caveman who's trying to make a better
Flint blade has a testable Theory when
he makes his new Flint blade if it
actually turns out to be better
then he keeps that one and he refutes
the old one if it's not better then he
refutes the new one and he keeps the old
one
so testability can't be enough
to say what the purpose of science is
there has to be more to science than
this
testability's got something to do with
it but it's not the whole story